Sijiao, let me give you a start.
You're not cooking, so I'll do it.
I'm not the girl I fuck for a few days.
Moreover, there are no women in the company.
When you get home, don't let us all stay for a while.
Since the vice president just said so,
Wait a moment. Then just wash the vegetables.
Didn’t you say before that I did a good job at home?
Not me. I'm optimistic about you,
Smile. At that time, I wasn’t talking casually,
Okay, the horse racing has begun.
What's going on? CEO
It's almost there. There are two more words left.
Why don't you get bubbles when washing vegetables?
I think this is going to be bad for a while.
I took the bathroom and washed it.
Now I keep saying that there is cold brew on the dishes.
Just a joke
Let me demonstrate
Okay, just how to break it